plugins.md: add link to plugins projects on GH (#2681)
posva/pinia: packages/docs/core-concepts/plugins.md

export default myPlugin
```

> ## See also
> 
> - [Pinia plugins projects on GitHub](https://github.com/topics/pinia-plugin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Existing plugins

You can check existing [Pinia plugins on GitHub](https://github.com/topics/pinia-plugin) with the topic _pinia-plugin_.
```
